Don't worry, daughter
Dad, even if you smash the pot and sell iron
Also for you to participate in the competition
Daming, your daughter is going to bring glory to the country.
It's to fight Japanese pirates
Here's 500 bucks.
Hold it for the child
I have it too
I just got the 1,000 yuan in hospital expenses reimbursed.
Let your daughter play well
My watch is worth 300 bucks
You take it
Have a little day to fight for our breath
Children do well for the country
You take these
This is mine.
Play well
Glory to the country
Thank you very much.
Hey, what are you doing?
Get up, get up, get up
Boy, can you go to the game today?
It's all fathers and villagers
It was saved one point at a time
Don't you forget their kindness
Folks, I, Zhao Ruolan, must win glory for the country
I will definitely come back with an Olympic championship
Yes, bring back the championship.
Go, child.
We are all waiting for you to come back and give your father face
It also washed away a decade of shame for my ancestors
child
Go ahead.
Go, go.
Come on, Daxia needs you young people